docs/pkg/delivery/kubectl/kubectl.md, before:

# github.com/slewiskelly/cuek8s/pkg/delivery/kubectl

```cue
import "github.com/slewiskelly/cuek8s/pkg/delivery/kubectl"
```

Package kubectl provides delivery methods and tasks to deploy Kubernetes
resources via kubectl.

## #Apply

Apply is task which executes `kubectl apply`.

**Type**: `struct`

|Name|Type|Default|Description|
|----|----|-------|-----------|
|`context`|`(null\|string)`|`null`|Use the provided context when deploying resources.<br/><br/>If unset the current context of the environment is used.|
|`dryRun`|`bool`|`true`|Perform a client-side dry-run.|
|`prune`|`bool`|`false`|Prune resources.<br/><br/>Resources will only be pruned if they have the following label(s):<br/>- `app.acme.in/managed-by=kubectl`|
|`resources`|`list`|`[]`|Kubernetes resources that are to be deployed.|


## #Delivery

Delivery is a delivery method that deploys Kubernetes resources via kubectl.

**Type**: `struct`

|Name|Type|Default|Description|
|----|----|-------|-----------|
|`context`|`(null\|string)`|`null`|Use the provided context when deploying resources.<br/><br/>If unset the current context of the environment is used.|
|`prune`|`bool`|`false`|Prune resources.<br/><br/>Resources will only be pruned if they have the following label(s):<br/>- `app.acme.in/managed-by=kubectl`|
|`apply`|`list`|<pre>[{<br/>	$id: *"tool/exec.Run" \| "exec"<br/>	cmd: ["echo", "No resources to apply!"]<br/>	env: {}<br/>	stdout:  *null \| string \| bytes<br/>	stderr:  *null \| string \| bytes<br/>	context: *null \| !=""<br/>	dryRun:  false<br/>	prune:   *false \| bool<br/>	stdin:   ""<br/>	success: bool<br/>	resources: []<br/>}]<pre/>|Set of tasks which will actually deliver the resources.<br/><br/>Tasks are executed in the same order as they are defined.|
|`plan`|`list`|<pre>[{<br/>	$id: *"tool/exec.Run" \| "exec"<br/>	cmd: ["echo", "No resources to apply!"]<br/>	env: {}<br/>	stdout:  *null \| string \| bytes<br/>	stderr:  *null \| string \| bytes<br/>	context: *null \| !=""<br/>	dryRun:  true<br/>	prune:   *false \| bool<br/>	stdin:   ""<br/>	success: bool<br/>	resources: []<br/>}]<pre/>|Set of tasks which will plan how the resources will be delivered,<br/>without actually delivering them.<br/><br/>Tasks are executed in the same order as they are defined.|
|`resources`|`list`|`[]`|Resources to be delivered.|

Commit message:

workflow: Add a workflow engine
A workflow engine using `cue/tools/flow` has been added as well as some tasks.

This allows custom delivery methods to be created and then used by `cmd/cuek8s`
for deployment.

A handful of tasks have been added to begin:

- `cmp.Diff`
- `exec.Run`
- `fmt.Println`
- `os.ReadFile`
- `os.Mkdir`
- `os.WriteFile`

The `plan` and `apply` commands have been added to `cmd/cuek8s`.

Now `cmd/cuek8s` tool can fully replace the CUE script, so it has been removed.

docs/pkg/delivery/kubectl/kubectl.md, after:

# github.com/slewiskelly/cuek8s/pkg/delivery/kubectl

```cue
import "github.com/slewiskelly/cuek8s/pkg/delivery/kubectl"
```

Package kubectl provides delivery methods and tasks to deploy Kubernetes
resources via kubectl.

## #Apply

Apply is a task which executes `kubectl apply`.

**Type**: `struct`

|Name|Type|Default|Description|
|----|----|-------|-----------|
|`context`|`(null\|string)`|`null`|Use the provided context when deploying resources.<br/><br/>If unset the current context of the environment is used.|
|`dryRun`|`bool`|`true`|Perform a client-side dry-run.|
|`prune`|`bool`|`false`|Prune resources that have the following label selector(s):<br/>- app.acme.in/managed-by=kubectl|
|`resources`|`list`|`[]`|Kubernetes resources that are to be deployed.|
|`arg`|`list`|`["No resources to apply!"]`|Arguments to the command being executed.|
|`name`|`string`||Name of the command being executed.|
|`stdin`|`_\|_`||Data to be sent to the executed command's standard input.|
|`stdout`|`(null\|string)`|`null`|Data sent to the executed command's standard output.<br/><br/>If `string` data will be captured here, otherwise will be sent to the<br/>process's standard out.|


## #Delivery

Delivery is a delivery method that deploys Kubernetes resources via
`kubectl`.

Resources delivered via this method will have the following label(s) applied:
- `app.acme.in/managed-by=kubectl`

**Type**: `struct`

|Name|Type|Default|Description|
|----|----|-------|-----------|
|`context`|`(null\|string)`|`null`|Use the provided context when deploying resources.<br/><br/>If unset the current context of the environment is used.|
|`prune`|`bool`|`false`|Prune resources that have the folowing label(s) applied:<br/>- `app.acme.in/managed-by=kubectl`|
|`resources`|`list`|`[]`|Kubernetes resources to be delivered.|
